Fix bug with gluesync-listener when syncing up Iceberg tables (#105)
ExpediaGroup/apiary-metastore-docker: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). 

## [3.0.7] - 2022-11-11
### Changed

> - Upgraded `APIARY_GLUESYNC_LISTENER_VERSION` to `7.3.5` (was `7.3.4`). It fixes a `Date` parsing bug when syncing up Iceberg tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `APIARY_GLUESYNC_LISTENER_VERSION` to `7.3.5` (was `7.3.4`). It fixes a bug in parsing the table parameter - `lastAccessTime` when  syncing up Iceberg tables.
```
